[RTL] Integrate OCP LOCK from caliptra-rtl (#638)
chipsalliance/caliptra-ss: docs/CaliptraSSIntegrationSpecification.md

| External | input     | 32     | `cptra_ss_strap_generic_2_i`              | Generic strap input 2                    |
| External | input     | 32     | `cptra_ss_strap_generic_3_i`              | Generic strap input 3                    |
| External | input     | 1      | `cptra_ss_debug_intent_i`                 | Physical presence bit required to initiate the debug unlock flow. For more details, refer to the [Production Debug Unlock Flow](CaliptraSSHardwareSpecification.md#production-debug-unlock-architecture) and [How does Caliptra Subsystem enable manufacturing debug mode?](CaliptraSSHardwareSpecification.md#how-does-caliptra-subsystem-enable-manufacturing-debug-mode). For SOCs that choose to use these features, this port should be connected to a GPIO|
| External | input     | 16     | `cptra_ss_strap_key_release_key_size_i`   | OCP L.O.C.K. MEK byte size. Expected to be 0x40.  |
| External | input     | 64     | `cptra_ss_strap_key_release_base_addr_i`  | OCP L.O.C.K. MEK release base address.  |

> | External | input     | 1      | `cptra_ss_strap_ocp_lock_en_i             | OCP L.O.C.K. enable. Allows OCP L.O.C.K. in progress to be set enabling specific OCP L.O.C.K. HW like AES write ability to Keyvault.  |

Reviewer: nit, on phrasing/grammar
```suggestion
| External | input     | 1      | `cptra_ss_strap_ocp_lock_en_i             | OCP L.O.C.K. enable. Allows OCP L.O.C.K. in progress to be set enabling hardware features specific to OCP L.O.C.K. such as AES Keyvault write path, Keyvault filtering rules, and Key Release via AXI DMA.  |
```
